then the good wave swims or climbs this
video to show you my new cut of
hair because although as always I already have
recorded videos that I already have
ready to upload them to the channel and I
you will continue to see with the old hairstyle
I wanted to show you the haircut
because you are going to start watching me in videos
new with this new haircut and no
you are going to ask me if I have cut the
hair that if he has clarified that if I
They put out wicks or what noses I've done
so if I have actually cut myself
the hair more then good nothing
I teach this is the haircut that to me
I like it, it's better, it's shorter
back as you see and more more
long forward I've been some
little tables to clear it up a bit
there is that will be better
not the one who barks but enters
and nothing because that I show you the new
look there is
they're crashing melano now since you're
here and you show the hairstyle from behind
I'm seen from behind
yes it is worth that
that's the haircut this is the color
has given me a dark blond a 6.1 already
as indicated in the video of the
hair dyes
Well, the one who asked my hairdresser
last that I kicked out and the truth is that
I quite like how it is because it does not
it is as dark as a chestnut
there is a chestnut chestnut tree is usually
quite matte and a bit dark
little sad not and it marks much more the
factions and does not shoot as much orange as
they throw the browns
although as my color base then that
orange is coppery it is difficult
eliminate that color base but good
this tone the truth that I like a lot
I do not know and you will tell me which one is yours
opinion
and this is my new girls and boys and
nothing more than that is a kind of
advance so that you know then that already
I cut my hair the way I like it
I'll start the year with my new
look already renewed with renewed strength and
let's see what awaits us this 2013
I hope you liked the video and
see you in the next see you later